my grandfather used to tell me stories
all about this one soldier as he got
older the stories got stranger some I
believed others don't know but it wasn't
describing a man wallet keith was more
like something mythic legendary
you didn't pull any sorts from any
stones did you she might have done
something something bigger maybe so have
you been you look a little tired
what's bothering him things that could
have done differently regrets now shot
someone during the war I never wanted
that even if he had it coming and he did
[Music]
we heard about the killings up north
what's the FBI have to do with it
imagine all our worst fears about
influenza in humans
bovine swine all that come in true to
life only worse it's the Big Foot of it
the illumina killer is the carrier of
this lake that's no good
if we cannot contain the Beast we cannot
destroy that it escapes it could mean
the very end of our world as we know it
you're the last resort
[Music]